This dataset is obtained from UCI Machine Learning Repository (http://archive.ics.uci.edu/ml/datasets/Carbon+Nanotubes).

Simple Linear Regression (SLR), Multiple Linear Regression (MLR) and Support Vector Regression (SVR) is used to find the position of carbon atom in 3 dimentional space.

Python 3 (Jupyter) environment is used for coding.

Only x co-ordinate is being predicted using SLR, MLR and SVR. Same procedure can be used to predict y and z co-ordinate of carbon atom in nanotube

Data Set Information:
CASTEP can simulate a wide range of properties of materials proprieties using density functional theory (DFT). 
DFT is the most successful method calculates atomic coordinates faster than other mathematical approaches, and it also reaches more accurate results. 
The dataset is generated with CASTEP using CNT geometry optimization. 
Many CNTs are simulated in CASTEP, then geometry optimizations are calculated. 
Initial coordinates of all carbon atoms are generated randomly. 
Different chiral vectors are used for each CNT simulation. 
The atom type is selected as carbon, bond length is used as 1.42 A° (default value). 
CNT calculation parameters are used as default parameters. 
To finalize the computation, CASTEP uses a parameter named as elec_energy_tol (electrical energy tolerance) (default 1x10-5 eV) which represents that the change in the total energy from one iteration to the next remains below some tolerance value per atom for a few self-consistent field steps.
Initial atomic coordinates (u, v, w), chiral vector (n, m) and calculated atomic coordinates (u', v', w') are obtained from the output files.

Attribute Information:
Chiral indice n: n parameter of the selected chiral vector.
Chiral indice m: n parameter of the selected chiral vector.
Initial atomic coordinate u: Randomly generated u parameter of the initial atomic coordinates of all carbon atoms.
Initial atomic coordinate v: Randomly generated v parameter of the initial atomic coordinates of all carbon atoms.
Initial atomic coordinate w: Randomly generated w parameter of the initial atomic coordinates of all carbon atoms.
Calculated atomic coordinate u': Calculated u' parameter of the atomic coordinates of all carbon atoms.
Calculated atomic coordinate v': Calculated v' parameter of the atomic coordinates of all carbon atoms.
Calculated atomic coordinate w': Calculated w' parameter of the atomic coordinates of all carbon atoms.
